today i'm going to explain a sensual
drama film called 50 shades of grey
rich with depravity and sadomasochism
this movie adds a twist to the usual
love story spoilers ahead watch out and
take care
21 year old anastasia anna steele is an
english literature major at washington
state university satellite campus
meek and mild-mannered she contrasts the
direct and driven christian gray who is
the 27 year old billionaire entrepreneur
she's set to interview the man sits atop
his towering skyscraper ready for his
10-minute interview with miss kavanaugh
but kate cavanaugh anna's roommate has
fallen sick leaving anna to interview
him in her stat kate teases anna about
her wholesome outfit and in turn she
kisses kate's forehead before taking her
leave at the lobby of mr gray's office
anna is greeted by a plethora of
beautiful blonde women wearing sleek and
fitted attires already she's feeling out
of place with her more holy looking
ensemble it's quickly made clear that
anna's not like other girls she's badly
dressed but on a more serious note anna
sticks out like a sore thumb because she
contrasts the professional and
self-assured women there with her more
fidgety and awkward demeanor one of the
women directs anna to christian's room
as the door opens anna abruptly trips
interrupting christian's contemplation
by the window when christian approaches
her anna is immediately dazed by his
overwhelming yet eloquent aura
throughout the interview christian
intently stares at anna making her feel
uncomfortable she monotonously reads out
the questions that kate had prepared
which are unoriginal to say the least
but after christian's answers anna
always has her own little quip for them
showing that she has a heaping spoonful
of bluntness to go with her awkwardness
for instance she asks christian to what
he owes his success and when christian
answers that he's good at people anna
retorts that maybe he's just lucky and
when christian emphasizes that he has a
way with knowing what makes people tick
and harnessing talented people's efforts
anna correctly and openly surmises that
he's a control freak instead of being
offended christian seems amused by anna
given his status it's likely that
there's not much people who have the
candor to speak against him besides
christian seems to wear his control
freak title with a badge of pride almost
forebodingly he tells her that he
exercises control in all things after
anna asks if he feels passionate about
the charity projects he does christian
dismisses the projects as a smart
business move unable to hide her
disapproval anna doubles down on her
question and proposes that christian
cares more than he lets on he replies
that some people say he has no heart and
they say that because they know him well
for the next couple of questions anna
stumbles over her words and even
mentions that christian's adopted which
she quickly apologizes for this prompts
christian to ask if she has an actual
question for him then anna clumsily
blurts out are you gay making the both
of them chuckle awkwardly anna
apologizes for the question explaining
that kate wrote it but christian does
reply that he's not gay at this point
christian sits down instructing anna to
forget kate's questions and ask him
something that she wants to know instead
anna then alludes to an earlier
statement that christian made that there
are people who know him well anna says
that she has a feeling that that isn't
true
this strikes a chord with christian
who's growing more and more fascinated
by anna's unexpected defiance and her
astute mind one of christian secretaries
comes through the door to inform him
that his next meeting's coming up
however christian abruptly cancels this
to spend more time with anna with
christian saying that he wants to know
more about her their role switch and
christian's now the one asking questions
after asking her about literature her
education and her plans after college he
offers her a place in their local
internship program anna is flustered by
this and she says that she doesn't think
she'd fit in when christian asked her
about literature it wasn't just him
flexing how cultured and well-read he is
he may have made a connection between
anna's interest in literature and the
way she tried to see if there's anything
behind his enigmatic and loveless facade
it's either ana's an optimist who sees
the good in people or literature has
taught her that there's always something
more behind that rich and smoldering
jerk you're talking to when the
interview concludes anna steps out of
the building unbothered by the rain
finally she feels that she can truly
breathe after their intense meeting the
following day anna goes to work in her
job at clayton's a hardware store anna
receives a call from her mother who
informs her that she won't be able to
come to her graduation much to anna's
disappointment
suddenly her boss calls her to help in
another aisle anna follows him and
surprised to see christian gray write
that and they're in her hardware store
after getting over her initial shock
anna assists christian with purchasing a
couple of peculiar items including some
cable wire tape and rope at the checkout
counter anna mentions that kate had a
hard time clearing a photo of him to
this christian offers to have a photo
shoot and he invites her and kate the
photo shoot is held at the heathman
hotel where christian is currently
staying at there anna's photographer
friend jose holds the photo shoot right
after christian invites anna for coffee
christian asks if jose's her boyfriend
noting how he would look at anna then he
confirms if she's together with her boss
at clayton's and anna chuckles before
saying that she isn't as they go for
coffee the pair starts talking some more
it almost feels like a repeat of their
first encounter anna remains as blunt
and awkward as before while christian
behaves like he has control over the
conversation still anna never fails to
point out that he's high-handed and he'd
refute her by saying he's used to
getting his way christian then tells her
to tell him about her family so anna
does she talks about how her stepfather
raised her and how her mother is on
husband number four as she's an
incurable romantic when christian asks
if she's romantic too anna offendedly
says that she has to be since she's a
literature major in the middle of her
talking christian cuts her off saying he
can't do this before offering to walk
around as they walk outside anna asks if
he has a girlfriend and christian
responds that he doesn't do the
girlfriend thing suddenly a biker almost
hits anna so christian pulls her out of
the way she closes her eyes when he
touches her face but christian softly
tells her that he's not the man for her
and that he has to let her go with a
look of hurt anna bids him bibi and
walks away
later that evening anna receives a
package from christian kate reads the
note aloud which contains a quote about
how women know of the dangers of
relationships because they read novels
telling of them and anna identifies it
as a quote from tess of the derbyvilles
when she opens the package she finds
first edition copies of two thomas hardy
novels including tess of the derbyvilles
though she's stunned by the books she
resolves to return them saying that
they're too much frustrated with
christian's come and go behavior she
drinks true to her name anna has a
steely personality herself when provoked
she's not interested in tolerating a
wishy-washy man like christian
especially after he got her hopes up
then dipped when he realized that she's
a nerd kidding aside it's clear that the
two are at odds with each other and is a
believer of romance and she's looking
for something serious while christian is
daunted even by the prospect at a bar
anna and her friends have their
graduation celebration she drinks a lot
more than usual then goes to line up for
the women's bathroom there she
spontaneously gives christian a drunken
call sarcastically thanking him for the
expensive books before informing him
that she's returning them noticing her
strange speech christian asks if she's
been drinking and when she confirms this
he orders her to go home
after calling him bossy anna starts
doing impressions of christian ordering
her around and flip-flopping between
wanting her to come closer and demanding
her to go away despite christian's
adamant to know where she is anna
refuses to tell him then hangs up on her
phone
after a few seconds christian calls her
telling her not to go anywhere it's a
wonder how on earth christian managed to
figure out which bar anna's in does he
have i.t guys on his back and call ready
to track her down is he just creep
extraordinaire we may never know later
anna steps out of the bar to get some
air anna is shivering from the cold
night when jose follows her outside and
puts a denim jacket over her suddenly
jose confesses that he's always had
feelings for her he asks for a kiss but
anna refuses
insistent jose holds her tight to try
and get a kiss from her but christian
steps in just in time to push jose away
anna probably vomits on the ground and
while christian's tending to her jose
disappointedly walks away christian
tells her that he'll take her back to
his place but anna's worried about
leaving kate alone to assure her
christian says that he brought his
brother elliot along to tell kate he's
taking anna with her on the dance floor
kate and elliot are already dancing and
having a good time together anna
suddenly passes out and christian takes
her to his hotel room when anna wakes up
she's wearing a different set of clothes
on the bedside table there are two blue
pills with a note eat me written next to
them and a glass of orange juice which
also has a note that says drink me as
always christian has a high-handed
approach with people and it even shows
in the way he wrote his memos anna
complies with the notes and christian
walks in from his morning jog
anna is surprised when she finds out
that christian had undressed her and
changed her clothes and even more so
when he reveals that he slept beside her
but christian assures her that they
didn't hook up since he's not into
sleeping with corpses after handing anna
a piece of bread christian takes his
shirt off in front of her as he gets on
top of the bed with her he comments
about how she were his she wouldn't be
able to sit down for a week the two are
locked in an intense moment and
christian starts clarifying his
intentions he doesn't get involved in
romantic relationships since his
interests are very singular
now it's becoming more and more apparent
that christian's preference lies in
something more sensual but if he's just
in it for the hookups then it should be
easy for him to just say it outright
later the two of them prepare to go
outside with plans to meet again that
evening christian flirts around with
anna telling her how he wants to bite
her lip however he says he won't be
doing that without anna's written
consent this takes anna back but
christian saves the explanation for
later they enter the hotel elevator and
as soon as the doors close christian can
no longer restrain himself and he starts
kissing anna but their little session is
interrupted when the elevator doors open
once again to let in several businessmen
christian and anna arrive at her
apartment there a naked elliott and a
barely clothed cater hooking up on the
couch with an audience there elliot puts
his pants back on before telling kate
laters baby christian finds this funny
so he decides to mimic his brother
looking at anna he repeats laters baby
in the same tone once the grays are gone
kate starts interrogating anna but anna
only reports that christian had just
kissed her once and nothing more and she
comments on how odd everything is with
him it's hard to blame anna for being
confused
after all it's not every day that
someone tells you that they need your
written consent to bite your lip consent
is fine but written that feels like
overkill then again everything about
christian feels like overkill during her
shift at clayton's anna can't stop
thinking about what happened earlier and
she can barely contain her excitement
for her upcoming night with christian
finally evening comes and christian's
driver taylor goes to pick her up taylor
takes anna to the very top of a building
where christian is waiting with a
helicopter next to him as christian
buckles anna onto the helicopter seat
anna's heart starts to race when he
moves his hand near her stomach adding
to anna's surprise christian tells her
that he will be the one to maneuver the
helicopter the two of them head out and
they hover through the night and over
new york city the two of them eventually
make their way to christian's place
there he makes an assign a
non-disclosure agreement keeping her
from telling anyone about their
relationship
afterwards he takes her to a door down
the hall he calls the rumors playroom
and anna wonders if he's talking about
his xbox cautious christian emphasizes
that anna can leave any time she wants
not wanting to make her do anything
against her will catching wind of his
odd cautiousness and it demands him to
open the door
finally christian takes his well-kept
key and opens the door revealing a
striking room with red velvet walls in
the room are several kinds of toys and
equipment ranging from whips cuffs
collars and more anna is stunned into
silence still processing the wave of
emotions flooding her while christian
worries that he might have upset her it
was certainly a jarring thing anna seems
like the kind of woman with modest
sensibilities so this is a lot for her
to take in not to mention the room is
just flat out tacky so maybe she finds
it too gaudy for words he begs anna to
say something and finally anna asks if
women do those things to him or if it's
the other way around after answering
that he does it on willing women he
explains that he's a dominant and he
wants anna to be his submissive he wants
her to surrender herself willingly and
completely to him despite his
explanation anna's still having a hard
time following and she asks what she'll
get out of being a sub to this christian
confidently replies that she'll have him
he adds that anna would have to stay in
a room of her own wherever he is for
three days a week and the two of them
won't be sleeping in the same bed when
anna asks what would happen if she
declines these conditions christian says
he'll understand completely especially
since he believes himself to be
incapable of forming romantic
relationships after all that christian
starts discussing the contract there
will be a contract specifying everything
anna wooden would not be willing to do
this is when anna admits that she's
never slept with anyone before much to
christian surprise hearing this
christian decides to be her first and
with that they hook up
early in the morning anna wakes up
without christian in bed just as he
promised unaccepting of this anna looks
for christian and she finds him playing
the piano in the living room anna coaxes
him by approaching him naked and they
hook up again after that anna succeeds
in having christian fall asleep next to
her
finally after many days of going back
and forth the two get a part of what
they want from each other christian got
to be anna's first and he got to sleep
with the woman who intrigued him so as
for anna she plucked out a semblance of
romance from christian
later anna makes breakfast for christian
while wearing nothing but her top she
dances to some music while cooking
unaware that christian is watching her
with great amusement later that day
christian's mother makes an unannounced
visit interrupting yet another session
between christian and anna after
greeting his mother he introduces anna
to her christian's mother is pleased by
this as anna's the first girl that he's
introduced to her she then leaves after
their brief encounter when christian and
anna get the chance to talk again anna
asks how many women have stayed in
christian's apartment and he says 15
anne is taken aback but she explains
that she doesn't want out she's just not
keen on being whipped in christian's red
room of pain she starts asking if they
can go to movies and dinners but they're
not christian's thing
still he cups her face promising her
that if she agrees to be his submissive
he'll be devoted to her but the more
christian makes it clear that their
arrangement is unconventional and
unromantic the morena gets put off she
quips about wanting to hold on to her
free will before asking christian if she
can go home despite her undeniable
attraction towards christian anna still
has her sights set on what she wants
she's not difficult to please she just
wants to have a normal relationship with
the man she likes ironically christians
offering her something that runs a
little deeper than romance which is
devotion but ultimately they're still at
odds with each other
before heading to anna's apartment
christian brings her to a lake where he
tries to convince her to agree to be his
submissive christian starts telling anna
about how one of his mother's friends
made him her submissive for six years
ever since he was 15. this is a
troubling bit of information christian
was clearly underaged when he's thrusted
into the world of sata masochism still
he plays this off as if there's no
problem with it after their deter
christian drops anna by her apartment
where he hands her the contract for the
next couple of weeks anna has been
reading through the contract and
researching submission dominance and
sadomasochism the contract contains a
tedious number of rules to keep both
parties in an agreeable position so
neither can be harmed meanwhile
christian has been continually showering
anna with excessive and lavish gifts in
order to get her to say yes
eventually anna plays a joke on
christian telling him that she doesn't
want to go through with it
this offends christian so he decides to
barge into anna's apartment in an
attempt to convince her he hooks up with
her again but this time christian adds
some eyes to their foreplay though
anna's enjoying herself she's still
unable to come to a decision eventually
anna arrives at an alternative solution
that does away with the contract she'll
be the one to negotiate the terms anna
suggests this to christian and he
welcomes it however instead of having an
informal dinner anna insists on
discussing the terms over a formal
business meeting for this anna turns up
in christian's office in a sleek and
enticing maroon dress during their
negotiation they clear off most of the
more extreme practices involved and
christian even offers to take anna out
on a date once a week she'll get to
decide where to go and what to do during
their dates pleasing anna greatly with
that christian tries to convince anna to
stay so they can hook up again
however anna just pretends to seduce him
trying to frustrate christian and just
as christian is ready to pounce on her
she leaves with anna exploring more with
christian she's growing more and more
confident in her skin she can take a bit
of charge now with her intimate affairs
and she even has christian blue bald as
for christian he's slowly learning to
compromise the time for anna and kate's
graduation comes and christian gray is
the guest speaker at the ceremony after
receiving her diploma on stage anna
shakes christian's hands as the others
do once again he tries to persuade her
to go through with the contract and anna
gives him an okay she then chuckles and
steps down the stage later at anna's
apartment christian warns anna that the
next time she rolls her eyes at him
he'll spank her christian then motions
anna toward the door to reveal a brand
new car that he bought as a graduation
gift for her anna is absolutely
flustered with the expensive gift and
without noticing it she rolls her eyes
because of this christian leads anna
back into the living room and he slaps
her backside a couple of times but right
after this christian has to leave for
his office so he goes leaving anna
confused and disappointed anna then
receives a call from her mother asking
about her new boyfriend and anna sadly
admits that it's complicated aside from
being unromantic christian is also a
very busy person though their unlabeled
relationship has its share of thrills
and glamour they're still at their core
very different people with very
different priorities and interests the
following day christian finally takes
anna into the red room christian orders
her to put her hands above her head and
when he does he starts undressing her
then he ties her hair in a braid before
telling her to kneel in front of the
doorway every time he comes in he
retrieves a pair of leather cuffs and a
writing crop and with a crop he lightly
spanx anna several times this dispels
anna's fear about the practice as she
realizes that there won't be any real
harm christian then sets up a
contraption so that anna's hands would
be tied to the ceiling with anna
completely vulnerable the two engage in
intense and vigorous lovemaking after
they've had their fill of each other
christian carries a tired anna to her
room and he kisses her before he leaves
now that she's alone again she starts
realizing just what she had agreed to
and she suddenly feels how lonesome it
is to lie in bed without christian
the next evening the gray family is set
to have their dinner elliot invites kate
and christian invites anna during the
dinner christian continually touches
anna's thighs and crotch underneath the
table unbeknownst to all the other
guests and family members through a
conversation between anna and
christian's mom christian finds out that
anna will be leaving for georgia to
visit her mother with how i have
purposely kept this from christian it's
almost as if she's fighting him she
could be showing him that he doesn't
have full access to her especially with
the current state of their relationship
frustrated christian excuses himself and
anna once alone he carries her over his
shoulder and spanx anna again while
expressing how annoyed he is
setting her down christian kisses her
and tells her that she's his but anna
eventually pulls away from him she
expresses her desire to have a normal
romantic relationship with him her
desire to touch him and know him since
he's still so closed off anna tries
asking him about the scars on his chest
but christian just says he had a rough
start in life
later anna is asleep when christian sits
on the bed
solemn he talks to the sleeping woman
about his birth mother who was a crack
addict and an escort though she's been
dead for most of his life he says that
he can still remember terrible things
now it's evident that christians had a
very troubled life all the tragedies in
his life forged an impenetrable guard
around christian and it's one that anna
wants nothing more than to chip at
eventually anna arrives in georgia to be
with her lovely mother and stepfather
one afternoon christian shows up out of
nowhere they're in georgia surprising
anna he takes her to fly in a small
plane and they enjoy their impromptu
time together anna tries to convince him
to be more romantic but he suddenly
receives a call from work with that the
man leaves in a hurry after returning
home and continues seeing christian and
she keeps consenting to the intimate
acts between them however she's also
continually frustrated by christian's
emotional coldness in an attempt to
understand him better she tries asking
why he wants to hurt her and punish her
christian refuses to answer at first but
eventually he erupts snapping that this
is the way that he is and that he's 50
shades of messed up in the heat of the
moment anna tells him to show her what
he wants to do to her to punish her and
show her the worst so she can finally
understand him christian takes anna to
the play room and there he whips anna's
buttocks six times making in a cry upset
and disgusted anna realizes that
christian is the wrong man for her
because of this she breaks up with him
anna walks to the elevator and when
christian tries following her she firmly
tells him to stop and with tears in
ana's eyes the elevator door closes
while 50 shades of grey is known for the
whips cuffs spanking and everything in
between its core story is about two
people who can't be together christian
knew from the start that he can't be the
man that anna needs if he just listened
to his instincts then he would have
spared them both a heartache but at the
same time their time together were some
of the moments they had
still even if what you want is each
other it's hard to make things work if
you're looking for different things
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching